git
The push command tells Git where to put our commits when we're ready, and boy we're ready. So let's push our local changes to our origin repo (on GitHub).

The name of our remote is origin and the default local branch name is master. The -u tells Git to remember the parameters, so that next time we can simply run git push and Git will know what to do. Go ahead and push it!

1.12 Pulling Remotely
Let's pretend some time has passed. We've invited other people to our github project who have pulled your changes, made their own commits, and pushed them.

We can check for changes on our GitHub repository and pull down any new changes by running:


1.16 Resetting the Stage
So now that octodog is part of the family, octocat is all depressed. Since we love octocat more than octodog, we'll turn his frown around by removing octodog.txt.

You can unstage files by using the git reset command. Go ahead and remove octofamily/octodog.txt.

1.17 Undo
git reset did a great job of unstaging octodog.txt, but you'll notice that he's still there. He's just not staged anymore. It would be great if we could go back to how things were before octodog came around and ruined the party.

Files can be changed back to how they were at the last commit by using the command: git checkout -- <target>. Go ahead and get rid of all the changes since the last commit for octocat.txt

git checkout -- octocat.txt


Branching Out
When developers are working on a feature or bug they'll often create a copy (aka. branch) of their code they can make separate commits to. Then when they're done they can merge this branch back into their main master branch.

We want to remove all these pesky octocats, so let's create a branch called clean_up, where we'll do all the work:
git branch clean_up

1.19 Switching Branches
Great! Now if you type git branch you'll see two local branches: a main branch named master and your new branch named clean_up.

You can switch branches using the git checkout <branch> command. Try it now to switch to the clean_up branch:

git checkout clean_up


1.21 Commiting Branch Changes
Now that you've removed all the cats you'll need to commit your changes.

Feel free to run git status to check the changes you're about to commit.

git commit -m "Remove all the cats"


1.21 Commiting Branch Changes
Now that you've removed all the cats you'll need to commit your changes.

Feel free to run git status to check the changes you're about to commit.

git commit -m "Remove all the cats"


1.23 Preparing to Merge
Alrighty, the moment has come when you have to merge your changes from the clean_up branch into the master branch. Take a deep breath, it's not that scary.

We're already on the master branch, so we just need to tell Git to merge the clean_up branch into it:

git merge clean_up


1.24 Keeping Things Clean
Congratulations! You just accomplished your first successful bugfix and merge. All that's left to do is clean up after yourself. Since you're done with the clean_up branch you don't need it anymore.

You can use git branch -d <branch name> to delete a branch. Go ahead and delete the clean_up branch now:

